Remove minimum Connect version indicators for pre-2024 versions (#798)
rstudio/rsconnect-python: docs/CHANGELOG.md

  `--no-set-default` is passed. `CONNECT_SERVER` still takes precedence.
- New `environment` subcommand for managing execution environments on Connect.
- New `integration` subcommand for managing OAuth integrations on Connect.
- Removed minimum Connect version indicators from CLI help for versions older

>   than 2024 (e.g. `[v2021.08.0+]`), since those releases are no longer relevant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed minimum Connect version indicators from CLI help for versions older
  than 2024 (e.g. `[v2021.08.0+]`), since those releases are no longer supported.
```
